# Minutes  19/09/2024
# Present: James, Camillo, Sam, Sibi
# Meeting opened: 5pm

# Discussing how client meeting went with Mark

- went well
- discussed what we now need to add
- talked about user stories and how we will meet these

# establish a way to analyse the criteria that mark wanted

- Talked about how we are going to analyse the documents in line with Mark's new criteria.

# Discussed how to split workload

Josh + Sibi work on backend
Rest of the team work on the front end

dicussed potential frameworks etc.

# Team leader for next week

Sam will be the team leader


@Action: Organise meeting with Mark to get into his syste
@Action: Analyse all of the COC's in Mark's system

Meeting closed: 6pm
