# Week 5 Group Meeting Minutes

Date: Thursday, August 22, 2024
Time: 5-6 PM
Duration: 1 hour
Location: Discord

## Attendees
- Camilo
- Sam
- Josh
- Sibi
- James

## Agenda Items

### 1. Change in Group Leadership
- Announced that Camilo has taken over as the new group lead this week
- Acknowledged Josh's completed stint as the previous group lead
- Discussed the rotation of the Project Manager role as per unit guidelines

### 2. Mentor Meeting Schedule
- Reviewed Michael's email from August 16th regarding the confusion about mentor meeting scheduling
- Discussed Michael's follow-up email about the urgency of contacting our mentor, Rash Afkhami from BHP
- Noted that the first meeting was originally meant to be held two weeks ago
- Update: Team had already communicated to organize the meeting as soon as possible
- Outcome: Mentor replied confirming the meeting
- Final Schedule: Mentor meeting set for Friday, August 23rd, 12-1 PM

Questions for Mentor Meeting:
- Discussed and prepared questions to ask during the mentor meeting, including:
  * Inquiries about the software development lifecycle for projects
  * Questions regarding the administration side of client work

Action items:
* Finalize list of questions for the mentor
* Prepare for mentor meeting
* [Any other specific preparations needed]

### 3. Review of CITS3200 Project Roles
- Discussed the roles outlined in the unit documentation:
  * Team responsibilities
  * Project Manager duties
  * Client expectations
  * Mentor's role
  * Auditor's function
- Ensured all team members understand their responsibilities
- Discussed how to effectively interact with the client, mentor, and auditor

### 4. Auditor Meeting Scheduled
- Organized the auditor meeting for next week
- Date: Thursday, August 29th
- Time: 5-6 PM (during our normal group meeting time)
- Josh has emailed the auditor to confirm the meeting details
- Action items:
  * Await confirmation from the auditor
  * Prepare any necessary documentation or progress reports for the auditor
  * Ensure all team members are available for the meeting

### 5. Communication with Client about LIMS Access
- Camilo emailed the client (Michael) regarding credentials for the LIMS management system
- Noted that the client had previously mentioned sending access, but the team hasn't received credentials for the dummy system
- Action items:
  * Follow up with Michael if no response is received within [specify timeframe]
  * Once received, ensure all team members can access the dummy LIMS system

### 6. Sprint 2 Planning and Development System Decision
- Discussed the content and requirements for Sprint 2 based on the unit outline
- Key points from Sprint 2 definition:
  * Deliver or demonstrate the interim goals proposed at the end of Sprint 1
  * Submit minutes of Project Retrospective (with and without client)
  * Create final set of stories to complete the project
  * Submit required documents to client and project auditor
- Decision: Focus development system (straw man) on a Flask web app with minimal front end
- Noted that Josh's GPT API key is available for testing purposes
- Assigned Sibi to set up a basic Flask development environment on GitHub as a starting point
- Action items:
  * Sibi to post a basic Flask development environment on GitHub
  * Start developing the Flask web app based on Sibi's setup
  * Coordinate with Josh for secure use of his GPT API key for testing
  * Begin preparing for the Project Retrospective
  * Draft initial stories for project completion

### 7. Discussion of Client's Project Requirement Clarifications
- Reviewed James' recent communication with the client regarding project specifications
- Key points discussed:
  a. Conversational Capabilities: Focus primarily on error detection and reporting with minimal user interaction
  b. Existing System Architecture: Based on MySQL relational tables
  c. Solution Integration: To be a module directly integrated into the existing interface
  d. LLM Implementation: 
     - Examine each column and determine if data matches expectations based on previous submissions
     - Potential to guide users through the submission process
  e. Dummy LIMS System: To be used primarily for testing our integration
  f. User Access and Authentication: Noted that Josh's API key will be used for development and testing
- Action items:
  * Review the provided links to understand the existing system structure
  * Begin planning the error-checking module and results display
  * Consider how to implement the LLM for both error checking and guiding the submission process
  * Plan the integration of our module into the existing LIMS interface
  * Discuss guidelines for secure use of Josh's API key in development

### 8. Upcoming Meetings Schedule
- Mentor Meeting: Friday, August 23rd, 12-1 PM
- Group and Auditor Meeting: Thursday, August 29th, 5-6 PM
- Action items:
  * Prepare agenda and materials for mentor meeting
  * Ensure all team members are aware of and available for both meetings
  * Prepare progress reports and any questions for the auditor meeting

## Action Items
- Sibi to set up and post a basic Flask development environment on GitHub
- Start development of Flask web app for the straw man system, building on Sibi's setup
- Coordinate with Josh for secure use of his GPT API key for testing
- Begin drafting stories for project completion
- Prepare for Project Retrospective (both with and without client)
- Review LIMS system structure through provided links
- Start designing the error-checking module and results display
- Develop a plan for LLM implementation in error checking and submission guidance
- Create an integration plan for our module with the existing LIMS interface
- Establish guidelines for secure use of Josh's API key in development
- Prepare agenda and materials for mentor meeting on August 23rd
- Ensure all team members are available for mentor meeting (Aug 23) and group/auditor meeting (Aug 29)
- Prepare progress reports for the auditor meeting
- Follow up with Michael about LIMS access credentials if not received
- Finalize list of questions for the mentor meeting

## Next Meeting
Date: Friday, August 23rd (Mentor Meeting)
Time: 12-1 PM

Following Meeting: Thursday, August 29th (Group and Auditor Meeting)
Time: 5-6 PM
